Add traits to declare stable wire order of members with syntax sugar (#3238)
awslabs/smithy: docs/source-2.0/spec/protocol-traits.rst

    liberally can cause other tooling to improperly interpret the timestamp.

.. _indexed-shapes:

Indexed shapes
==============

Some protocols serialize members in a predetermined order so that parsing can
be made more efficient and wire size can be made more compact. Smithy member
declaration order has no semantic meaning and can change when a model is
transformed or converted between representations. Indexed shapes assign
explicit, stable wire indexes to members, allowing protocols to use a compact,
ordered representation without relying on source declaration order.

.. smithy-trait:: smithy.protocols#idx
.. _idx-trait:

``idx`` trait
-------------

Summary
    Defines the stable wire index of a structure or union member.
Trait selector
    ``:is(structure, union) :not([trait|mixin]) > member``

>     *Any member of a non-mixin structure or union*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *Any member of a structure or union that is not a mixin or trait*
```

Value type
    ``integer`` greater than or equal to 1

If any member of a structure or union has the ``idx`` trait, every member of
that shape MUST have a unique ``idx`` value. Values MUST start at 1 and
increase without gaps.

> Changing an existing member's ``idx`` value is a backward-incompatible change

Reviewer: I feel that "non backwards-compatible" is easier to parse than "backwards-incompatible".

```suggestion
Changing an existing member's ``idx`` value is a non backward-compatible change
```
